It makes me wanna puke.
I'll mangle you!
Into the last two minutes!
They launch their final counterattack!
All righty. We wanna make this
a game-endin' counterattack.
The most effective route...
Which one's it gonna be?
Huh?
Rin-kun?
Blue Lock XI
Wow, someone's on a rampage.
Rin-chan?
Damn it all.
Screw the "revenge" shit.
Screw the "rivals" shit.
Screw the "brothers" shit.
Everything that binds me
makes me wanna puke.
Blue Lock XI
I'll kill them all.
Episode
Last Attack
The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
Let's go, Rin! We'll use our combo—
Outside?
This is a counter!
Why choose a tighter angle?
You came to see me, huh?
Japan's U-20s
Hey, your tongue's out. Manners!
Drop dead, shrimp.
Your weapon is speed.
I'll make you use your acceleration...
...then head the other way and erase you!
Huh? I didn't know he was
that good at one-on-ones!
This is sheer craziness.
It's nothing like the Rin I know.
His moves are totally irrational.
What the hell is he thinking?
Japan's U-20s
What's your game?
Coming to me next?
This is a massacre,
you damn bald tattooed monk.
Your weapon's slipping around behind.
So I'll take your place on the stage
and slip around behind you to murder you.
This squirt's intentionally making us use
our strengths so he can demolish us head-on?
What an arrogant, selfish style of play.
If I cross it, he can get past him!
Right there!
Not so fast. You won't get in
behind me that easily—
He's using his hand to stop me from turning?
And he's controlling it with
his heel in that stance?
That's two down. Squish, squish.
Go on and try, bastard!
Japan's U-20s
If you're selling, I'm buying!
Number three.
Physicality in the press from a musclehead
with a stable core as his main engine.
I'll kill, kill, kill you.
I'll lure you into doing your favorite thing—
tussling for the ball—and bait you.
This guy just intentionally overhit it?
But your petty tricks are pointless
in the face of my physique.
Doberman Charge!
Know your place.
Do a spin, old man.
Center of Gravity: Full Burst!
He used the power of my charge
to vanquish me from below!
Oh! And there's no whistle!
Borderline, but fine!
There he goes! Itoshi Rin's tearing down
the Iron Wall Quartet all by himself!
Crazy.
Is that really Rin?
He draws out their strengths,
then crushes them to show he's superior.
Blue Lock
General Director
Itoshi Rin. This is your "flow," huh?
You're a madman.
This is a side of Rin I've never seen.
It's the complete opposite of
Itoshi Sae's "beautiful destruction."
This style coaxes out an opponent's
best move, then absolutely mangles it.
Is this your ego?
Japan's U-20s
That's a pretty twisted predisposition
you've got, Li'l Genius's little bro.
One left.
Mangle it good.
Destroy everything that binds me.
Kill it.
I'll be reborn with this goal.
One left.
I'll kill it.
Kill it.
Kill it!
It's a little over 28 meters to the goal.
If he gets past me, it's game over.
My best course of action
here is to buy time.
It's so intense on this last line.
Time to update all of my internal data.
Speed reversal. Stopping someone
from going around behind.
Throwing off someone's core strength.
He's clearly gone up a level...
no, a few levels.
This is an aggressively
brutal style of play.
Interesting. Itoshi Rin...
Try to outdo everything I am!
Are you serious?
Even I can't beat him?
Nice moves, Licky Rin.
Your ego's absolutely crazy.
All of my cells are in love!
Japan's U-20s
I'm not letting you be
the leading man, though.
Nice one, Shidou.
The situation and our odds
of winning are being rewritten.
Should I wait?
No, if I let this chance go begging,
I won't get another.
These odds are good enough
to bet my fate on it.
Double press!
Rin! Feel it! Look at me!
The skittering boy?
Crap. If he passes it now—
Don't leash my potential.
Stop clinging to me, Isagi, you turd.
Destroy. Kill.
Taking a shot in that stance?
Over here, Rin!
Shouts from the No. 11 are
feeding this guy's imagination?
But...
As long as we block the danger zone...
He feinted the shot?
Not yet!
You won't destroy me yet!
I'll mangle you.
And all of it.
Just try and destroy me!
That is, if you think you're a striker
that can change this country!
Die.
Japan's U-20s
Still half-baked.
Japan! Japan!
One minute of additional time,
and Itoshi Sae has the ball!
There's so little time left!
Will this be the last play?
You betcha it's flaming hot!
For real?
Here they come!
One last play!
Drop back, Blue Lock!
Stop them! Stop them!
Run!
Hold them back, even if it kills you!
If I can steal it, this is a big chance—
I'm not done yet!
No, I'm here.
Damn.
Don't just charge in, ya morons!
I'll buy us some time!
We ain't got enough men,
so just cover whoever's free!
If they score now, we're done!
So push 'em back, dumdums!
Roger!
I'll kill you.
I'll crush you.
I'll destroy you!
You failed to score that goal,
and that shows where your limit is.
Can it, you poor excuse
for a one-upping big bro.
Who do you think you are?
If you'd stayed at home and been a good boy,
you could've died an easy death.
You just had to poke your nose in
where it didn't belong. You asked for this.
Stop talking.
I'm not falling for that trick,
you garbage big bro.
Well, now you know, Rin.
You can't become the best in the world.
Stop. That's enough.
Without me as an excuse,
you can't even play soccer,
you poor excuse for a little bro
who lives in my shadow.
You're so half-baked.
Don't ever use me as
an excuse to play soccer.
I think I finally understand the meaning
of what he said to me that day.
The half-baked one...
The one who makes me wanna puke...
The one who needs destroying...
is me.
"Little brother of a genius."
"Partner."
"Rival."
Stop violating my life
with your cheap, easy values.
I'm not some object in your lives.
Itoshi Sae's little brother?
I'm done with that.
I'll believe in this anger.
I'll give in to these destructive impulses.
I am...
me!
I'm the egoist...
Itoshi Rin!
That was awesome, Rin.
Play soccer with me.
Look at you.
I guess you can still make that face.
Go!
Japan! Japan! Japan!
Goal!
Blue Lock comes from behind!
The only one...
The only one who stayed
within range of the goal, the No. 11!
Isagi Yoichi's direct shot
rockets into the net!
And the whistle has gone
for the end of the game!
The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
The final score is 3-4. Blue Lock XI win!
Yo, genius.
Why didn't you hit it up
to the forward line right away?
If you had, we at least wouldn't
have given away that goal.
With just one minute left, time would've
run out if we'd passed it around.
One decisive pass from me to you
was the best option I could see.
He got to me before you could get
into a good position. That's all it was.
So Mr. Big Bro underestimated his little bro?
Let's count that as
a goal I would've scored.
Now, give me your deets like you promised.
Let me hit the shower first.
You rolled some glam
end credits there, Isagi.
Huh? Oh, uh, thanks.
Nice goal, hero.
Aiku.
Were your eyes fixed on
my blind spot that whole time?
Yeah.
And a spot I could take a direct shot from.
Plus, I had faith that Rin's trance state
could get the better of Itoshi Sae.
It was the culmination
of the full 90 minutes.
So you reflexively ran to a spot
where those three conditions would meet.
And the ball coincidentally
fell right to that spot, huh?
You attracted good luck, Isagi Yoichi.
We lost.
Congratulations, Blue Lock.
Rin.
I misread it.
I didn't think Japan was capable
of producing a decent striker.
Big Bro.
The one who awakened your instincts
and can change the soccer of this country...
That egoist, Isagi Yoichi,
might be the one to do it.
This country can still change.
Yo, Isagi! They want you over there!
For a post-match TV interview!
Huh?
Come on. Go get 'em!
Whoa!
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock Exhibition Match
Team Blue Lock's
Shocking Winning Goal
Isagi Yoichi
(Age: 16)
Oh, here is Blue Lock XI's Isagi Yoichi,
scorer of the dramatic winning goal.
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock Exhibition Match
Team Blue Lock's
Shocking Winning Goal
Isagi Yoichi
(Age: 16)
Tell us, what's on your mind
now that the game is over?
Well, um...
I'm really happy, yeah.
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock Exhibition Match
Team Blue Lock's
Shocking Winning Goal
Isagi Yoichi
(Age: 16)
After today's performance,
joining the U-20s is within your sights.
What are your aspirations
for what lies ahead?
Uh...
My aspirations?
Isagi Yoichi! Isagi Yoichi! Isagi Yoichi!
My future?
The cup.
What?
Blue Lock will win the U-20s World Cup.
No, that's not right.
I will lead Japan to glory
at the U-20s World Cup.
The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
Match
Over
Thank you very much!
Congratulations, diamonds in the rough.
You've achieved something extraordinary.
But do not let this be the peak
of your soccer careers.
This victory is not the end of the fight.
It's the beginning of Blue Lock.
From among you, I will produce
the best striker in the world.
That dream hasn't changed.
In order to give birth to one hero
who can lead Japan to win the World Cup,
the lives the rest of you lead
will be horrible messes.
So brace yourselves, diamonds in the rough.
We here at Blue Lock have
reached the point of no return.
How absurd. Our minds are undisturbed
like clear water, glam and brilliant.
I love it. It's giving me chills.
Yeah.
Bring it on.
Okay. Tonight, you can stuff
yourselves with a lavish meal.
Let's celebrate!
Yeah!
The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
Rin.
Without you, my goal
wouldn't have been possible.
In that moment, I was the only one
who believed you'd beat Sae,
and that was the outcome.
I lost to you and learned
the mechanism behind luck.
And that's why I was able
to grab that chance.
Thank you, Rin.
That goal belongs to both of us.
Shut up.
Just die already, Isagi.
You're going to pay for this.
From this moment on, you are my rival.
Huh?
Don't forget.
It means I'm gonna kill you, no matter what.
Yeah.
Go ahead and try.
What did you think of Blue Lock?
We're ready to make the world go wild.
All you need to do is agree.
The world's best striker...
will find where the soccer is most intense
and suddenly appear there.
Blue Lock Project, Phase Two.
The "Neo Egoist League" begins.
Get down on your damn knees, Blue Lock.